# JJK
Seasoned team player with 6+ years progressive experience in supervising, data entry and collection, debt recovery and credit control. Instrumental in boosting efficiency, streamlining processes and cutting overhead expenses. Dedicated to cultivating high performance teams and promoting positive work environments. Proficient in ERP Material Management and Delivery modules of SAP,CRM,SPSS as well as MS office applications; with extensive working experience in Auctioneering, Banking and Sacco sector. I am endowed with the following skills and competences: • Analyze data using mathematical models and statistical techniques in class • Prepare collection reports. • Data entry-entering tenants in the system while at Mwanzo Properties. • Well-developed organizational skills and the ability to meet deadlines. • Integrity and ability to work in consumer finance with small scale • farmers/businesspersons across Kenya and outside. • Sound verbal communication skills include the ability to negotiate respectfully and communicate the rationale for decisions made. • Target driven, self-starter, and problem solver. • Demonstrated ability to follow policy and procedures. • Sound judgment, analytical, and decision-making skills. • Accuracy and attention to detail. • Demonstrated ability to quickly learn new systems and processes. • Demonstrated commitment to service excellence. • Proficiency in G-Suite, Microsoft Office.  Explored the following fields: Operation Research, Statistical Methods in Econometrics, Time Series Analysis , Multivariate Analysis, Test of Hypothesis, Monitoring and Evaluation, Quality Control and Acceptance Sampling, Theory of Estimation, Bayesian Statistics, Sequential Analysis, Categorical data analysis, Sample Theory, Numerical Analysis, Experimental Design , and Parametric &amp; Non-Parametric Methods.
